docs: include info for accessing database audit activity (#33063)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/includes/database-access/db-audit-events.mdx

> Database audit events will appear in the Audit Log including database sessions starting,

Reviewer: I think the first sentence could be more clear. Or maybe just remove it.

Author: Please see updates

> You can view database session activity in the Audit Log
> and after the session is uploaded retrieve with the command `tsh play`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view database session activity in the audit log.
After a session is uploaded, you can play back the audit data
with the `tsh play` command.
```

```code
# Database session ID will be in a UUID format (ex: 307b49d6-56c7-4d20-8cf0-5bc5348a7101)

> # See the audit log to get a session ID with a key of sid

Reviewer: These two lines aren't code. I would move them out of the code block. Then you can put `sid` in backticks.

Author: Please see update.

> # Database session id will be in a UUID format (ex: 307b49d6-56c7-4d20-8cf0-5bc5348a7101)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Database session ID will be in a UUID format (ex: 307b49d6-56c7-4d20-8cf0-5bc5348a7101)
```

$ tsh play --format json <Var name="database.session" />
```

Example output:
```json
    {
        "cluster_name": "teleport.example.com",
        "code": "TDB02I",
        "db_name": "example",
        "db_origin": "dynamic",
        "db_protocol": "postgres",
        "db_query": "select * from sample;",
        "db_roles": [
            "access"
        ],
        "db_service": "example",
        "db_type": "rds",
        "db_uri": "databases-1.us-east-1.rds.amazonaws.com:5432",
        "db_user": "alice",
        "ei": 2,
        "event": "db.session.query",
        "sid": "307b49d6-56c7-4d20-8cf0-5bc5348a7101",
        "success": true,
        "time": "2023-10-06T10:58:32.88Z",
        "uid": "a649d925-9dac-44cc-bd04-4387c295580f",
        "user": "alice"
    }
```

> The Audit Log is viewable in **Activity** under **Management** in the Web UI for users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The audit log is viewable in **Activity** under **Management** in the Web UI for users
```

Correct me if I'm wrong @ptgott but I don't believe audit log is a proper noun.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, it shouldn't be. The docs are a little inconsistent here, though:

```
 grep -hiRo "audit log" docs/pages | sort | uniq -c
  24 Audit Log
  13 Audit log
 161 audit log
```

with permission to the `event` resources. Database sessions do not appear

> in the recorded sessions page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the session recordings page.
```

> under the recorded sessions listing.

Reviewer: Should we say "on the session recordings" page instead of "the recorded sessions listing"

Author: Yes, that is more clear.
